Plasmacore "Non-commercial" End User License Agreement (EULA)

The Plasmacore Non-commercial license is for use by companies, organizations,
or individuals ("Licensee") who are creating games or other software
("Products") in a non-commercial capacity using the Plasmacore game framework. 
An entity offering any Plasmacore-based product commercially must instead
operate under the terms of the "Commercial" license agreement.  This license
sets forth the entire agreement between Abe Pralle (DBA Plasmaworks)
("Licensor") and the Licensee relating to the use of Plasmacore.

BY MAKING A PLASMACORE-BASED PRODUCT AVAILABLE COMMERCIALLY, THE LICENSEE IS
CONSENTING TO BE BOUND BY AND BECOME A PARTY TO THE "COMMERCIAL" LICENSE
AGREEMENT RATHER THAN THIS "NON-COMMERCIAL" LICENSE AGREEMENT.

1. LICENSE GRANT.

Licensor grants Licensee a limited non-exclusive license to use Plasmacore for
the purposes of making source code and object code for an unlimited number of
electronic single or multi-user Products.

(a) Licensee may release, distribute, and transmit any Products created
hereunder in a non-commercial fashion.  Members of the general public must be
able to freely obtain them through normal channels without any additional fees
or requirements imposed.

(b) No royalties are owed to the Licensor.

(c) Licensee does not need to obtain any permissions or approvals from Licensor
to release, transmit, or otherwise distribute Products.  

(d) Licensee is not required to display branding or make acknowledgments in
Products that relates to the licensing or use of Plasmacore.


2. FEE.

There is no fee for the Non-commercial license.


3. RESTRICTIONS.

The following restrictions apply to the use of Plasmacore:

(a) Licensee may not: (i) create any derivative works of Plasmacore, including
translations or localizations, other than the Products; (ii) reverse engineer,
or otherwise attempt to derive the algorithms for Plasmacore (iii)
redistribute, encumber, sell, rent, lease, sub-license, or otherwise transfer
rights to Plasmacore.

(b) Licensee is not granted source code access or rights to modify the 
Plasmacore "native layer" that comes pre-compiled with the standard Plasmacore
distribution.  Such rights may be granted through a special arrangement with
Licensor.


4. AMENDMENT AND TERMINATION.

Licensor may amend this agreement at any time, at its sole discretion, for a
specific Licensee only with written agreement by both parties. 

Without prejudice to any other rights, Licensor may terminate this Agreement if
Licensee breaches any of its terms and conditions.  Upon termination, Licensee
shall halt the distribution of Products built using Plasmacore.


5. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTY OR GUARANTEED
UPDATES OF ANY KIND, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. THE
ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE QUALITY AND PERFORMANCE OF THE SOFTWARE IS THE
RESPONSIBILITY OF LICENSEE. SHOULD THE SOFTWARE PROVE DEFECTIVE IN ANY RESPECT,
LICENSEE AND NOT LICENSOR OR ITS SUPPLIERS OR RESELLERS ASSUMES THE ENTIRE COST
OF ANY SERVICE AND REPAIR. THIS DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY CONSTITUTES AN ESSENTIAL
PART OF THIS AGREEMENT. NO USE OF THE SOFTWARE IS AUTHORIZED HEREUNDER EXCEPT
UNDER THIS DISCLAIMER.

